For this assignment, I have chosen to write a fictional account of the day in
the life of a freedman living in the city of Rome during the time of the Roman
Empire. It is mid-summer, and the sun rises early in the morning. 

The city is already bustling with merchants, architects, and artisans making
their way to the Forum as the morning light breaks through. My name is Marcus,
I am a freedman and I am walking alongside them. 

Today, I am heading to the Forum for a job that I recently accepted. I am hired
as a special advisor to one of the leading architects of the great city. He is a
man of great vision, and I was chosen because of my expertise in Roman history,
culture and the politics of the day. 

Our path takes us through winding streets, markets, and shops. Everywhere I go
people make room for me, whether it is because of what I represent or because
of my status in the city. I find myself taking it all in- the merchants haggling
in the market, the clamor of the city after dark, the hidden alleyways that led
us to the Forum. 

In the Forum, I can barely contain my excitement. It feels like the entire city
is here, from the high and mighty senators to the vendors selling their wares. I
feel a thrill running through me as I witness the various debates and disputes
among the politicians, the way their words and ideas crash together to form new
laws, or their proposed projects for the city. 

At last, after admiring the rhetorical beauty of the Forum for a few moments, I
remember why I am here. I make my way to my employer's office, a bustling center
where plans and designs are made on parchment and heated discussions take place
day and night. I come here to advise him on the best plan of action, as a
free-thinking Roman but also as a man of my time; a freedman of Rome. 

The most exciting part of my day is the announcements and proclamations made
over the bustle of the Forum; projects, debates and changes that will be
implemented in the coming days. I pay close attention to these announcements, as
they affect my plans and where I must direct my employer's attention. 

As the day comes to an end, I head home tired and satisfied. I know that I have
done a good job and become a part of the grand and ever-changing political
landscape of ancient Rome. 

The day may be over, but for me, being part of this great city is only just
beginning.